It is home time at peppa’s playgroup.
Daddy, Teddy playgroup is coming to stay.
Wow.
Teddy playgroup is our school’s mascot.
It’s Peppa’s turn to take him home.
Yeah, he has pajamas,
a photo album and a toothbrush.
It’s all in his suitcase.
I see.
Peppa, Daddy pig and
Teddy playgroup have arrived home.
Mummy pig, we have a
special guest staying with us tonight.
Really? Who is that?
Teddy Playgroup. He has pajamas,
a photo album and a toothbrush.
What’s the photo album for?
We take photos of
him doing exciting things.
Oh…
My friends have taken
Teddy Playgroup all over the world.
London  Paris  Egypt
Oh, I say,Teddy
playgroup does have an exciting life.
I hope he was an exciting time with us.
It is Peppa and George’s bed time.
Everybody, this is Teddy Playgroup.
Hello, he is a special guest.
You all have to make room.
Oh, and that is Mr. Dinosaur,
he looks very good at talking.
Let’s take a photo for Teddy
Playgroup’s album. Say “cheese”.
cheese
Daddy, Teddy Playgroup needs
to have an exciting time tomorrow.
Can we go to the north pole?
Err…How about the supermarket?
Yes, I don’t think Teddy Playgroup
has ever been shopping before.
It is morning. Peppa is taking
Teddy Playgroup to the supermarket.
This shop sells everything,
oranges, apples, bananas.
Very interesting.
This is the checkout
where all the food is paid for.
George wants to take a picture.
Ok, George.
“Cheese”.
Cheese.
Haha. That’s enough pictures, George.
Oh, where is Teddy Play group?
Teddy Playgroup is missing.
Daddy, you’ve lost Teddy Playgroup.
Hello. How was your day?
Daddy lost Teddy Playgroup.
Oh, no. But I’ve got a plan to find him.
How are we going to
find Teddy Playgroup, Daddy?
First, we print out all
the photos we took of him.
Mummy pig is unpacking the shopping.
Where are you going?
We are going to stick
pictures of Teddy Playgroup on trees.
Oh…
Daddy, wait for me.
Why are we sticking
photos on trees, Daddy?
When people see the
pictures of Teddy Playgroup.
They’ll know he is lost,
and they can help us find him.
Oh, this is Teddy in my bed.
This is Teddy in the kitchen.
And these are George’s
pictures at the supermarket. Ar,
Teddy Playgroup! I know where he is.
Oh, hello?
Mummy, we know
where Teddy Playgroup is!
Yes, he is in the shopping
bag with the pasta and tomatoes.
Peppa is showing her class
Teddy Playgroup’s photo album.
I was worried that Teddy Playgroup
Wasn’t having an
exciting adventure with us.
Then luckily, my daddy
lost him at the supermarket.
But we found him again in the shopping.
That was an exciting adventure!
Yes, it was.